you
the Carson hobby magnifier is a
hands-free or a handheld lighted
magnifier that includes three
interchangeable lenses to choose from
this product has several functions it
can be used as a table top magnifier a
hands-free magnifier a handheld
magnifier as well as a book light this
product is ideal for cross stitching
needlepoint crocheting kraftwerk reading
and many other hobbies the Hobby
magnifier includes three lenses a to
power a 2.5 power and 24 power dual lens
the two power lens is great for cross
stitching and other craft work the 2.5
power furnell lens is lightweight and
allows users to view a broader surface
area it also has a 3 power spot lens for
viewing fine details this lens is ideal
for reading books and other activities
the four power dual lens provides high
magnification with minimal distortion
this lens is ideal for craft work
hobbies crocheting removing splinters
and viewing other fine details to change
the lenses simply push the clip on the
back in and slide magnifier out the
magnifier can be adjusted to your
desired viewing angle the hobby
magnifier can be used either on a
tabletop with the included base or
remove the base for handheld or hands
for use simply attach the next strap to
use the hobby magnifier hands-free the
top portion of the magnifier can be
removed and the hobby magnifier can be
used as a book light the two LED lights
are extremely bright long-lasting and
consume less energy than regular
incandescent bulbs the light can be
adjusted to your desired angle the two
LED lights are powered by three triple A
batteries the carson hobby magnifier is
the ideal hands-free magnifier that
provides magnification and light to any
activity